hello everyone this is
mk today we watch mission impossible 3.
ethan hunt has retired from being an imf
team leader
instead opting for a quiet life with his
fiance julia
a hospital nurse during their engagement
party
ethan is contacted by imf operations
director musgrave who provides him with
a disposable camera
after viewing a video hidden in the
camera he finds out musgrave wants him
to rescue
agent lindsey ferris ethan's protege who
has been captured in berlin by owen
davian
a prominent dealer in the international
black market
he reluctantly agrees to participate in
the mission and meets the team which has
been selected for him
consisting of declan gormley zhen and
his old partner
luther stickel the team assaults an
enemy stronghold in berlin and extracts
agent ferris successfully
but she dies during their escape when an
explosive capsule placed inside her head
detonates
after lindsay's funeral ethan is
notified of a package sent to him by
lindsay
and discovers that it is a micro dot
hidden under the stamp in a blank
postcard
ethan discusses its possible importance
with luther and both decide to keep its
existence a secret
using information recovered from a
laptop in the berlin mission
ethan then decides to go after davian
himself
targeting him at a meeting in vatican
city where a lucrative transaction
involving a mysterious object
code named the rabbit's foot is
apparently taking place
neither of ethan's superiors directors
brassel or musgrave
has authorized the mission before
leaving
ethan reassures julia of their
relationship and promptly marries her at
the hospital in a small ceremony
the team then arrives in rome and sets
off their elaborate plan to abduct
deviant barely avoiding disaster in the
process
the operation succeeds nonetheless ethan
interrogates davian on the flight home
however he is angered by davian's quiet
but confident threats of killing his
wife
and attempts to throw him off the plane
before being talked out of it by stickle
while transporting davian across the
chesapeake bay bridge tunnel in a convoy
luther hands ethan a laptop computer and
plays the video message from the decoded
micro dot
lindsay had discovered that director
brazil is a mole
who has been leaking information to
davian about imf
operations suddenly ethan and his team
are attacked by foreign mercenaries who
using a uav drone managed to extract
davian
remembering davian's threats to kill his
wife ethan immediately rushes to the
hospital where julia works
he arrives barely moments too late and
finds that julia has already been
abducted
at that moment of despair ethan receives
a call from davian with a proposition
he must retrieve the rabbit's foot from
a facility in shanghai within 48 hours
or his wife will be killed ethan
anxious to begin his mission to rescue
his wife is abruptly taken
into custody by the imf and accused of
masterminding the ambush
however he manages to escape with help
from musgrave who intercepted ethan's
call from davian
and instructs ethan to go to shanghai
[Music]
in shanghai ethan reunites with his team
once more
and manages to infiltrate the heavily
guarded building containing the rabbit's
foot and steals it
ethan then goes to the established
meeting place where davian is waiting
told to ask no questions he is made to
drink a substance which knocks him out
he awakes in a cd room where davian
injects an explosive charge like the one
that killed lindsay into his head
julia and ethan are bound to chairs and
deviant threatens to kill julia if he is
not told the location of the rabbit's
foot
ethan in panic insists that he has
delivered it
however after counting to 10 deviant
executes julia
after davian leaves musgrave enters
revealing himself as the traitor and
explains the situation to a stunned
ethan
davian will sell the rabbit's foot to
known middle eastern enemies of the
united states
the resulting attack being anticipated
and controlled to generate only
acceptable losses
the concept of a false flag attack taken
to the next level
this will then justify a massive
retaliation that would result in an
internationally supported hostile
takeover of the region
he shows ethan that the dead julia was
actually one of davian's incompetent
personnel wearing a mask
used to make sure that ethan had brought
the real rabbit's foot
julia is still alive ethan escapes by
biting musgrave's arm before attacking
him and taking his phone
which is used to track down julia's
location
instrumental in this is the assistance
of benji an imf laboratory technician
after a furious run through the
neighborhood ethan finally finds julia
but before he can free her deviant
activates the bomb in ethan's head
the result is a splitting noise in
ethan's head which renders him incapable
of thinking properly and defending
himself
davian then begins to savagely beat
ethan but just as davian prepares to
kill julia
ethan manages to make an impressive
comeback and hurls deviant out of the
window
deviant is killed when a truck runs over
him and ethan during the scuffle
come back from the fight ethan unable to
find a defibrillator
he loosens power cables to be able to
put electricity on his body
to deactivate the bomb in his head and
quickly teaches julia how to shoot his
beretta pistol
julia turns on the power which seemingly
kills ethan
after which musgrave attacks her after
killing musgrave
she successfully resuscitates ethan with
cpr
and the two walk out with the rabbit's
foot as ethan proceeds to tell julia the
truth about his secret life
back at headquarters ethan is
congratulated for his heroic actions
and then leaves for his honeymoon with
julia with the blessing of his
applauding teammates and promises for
another mission which the white house is
keen to contact him about
thank you for watching please subscribe
for more movie updates